Week 2:

This week the team planned out work for the proposal. 
Numerous discussion were had surrounding the functions of the system and the user stories were formed based off these discussion and also the objectives in the
project description. 
I added some user stories and edited a few existing stories on Jira. 


Week 3: 

This week I finished editing the background for the proposal. 
I also completed the user stories section of the proposal, adding the user stories that were on Jira and also outlining the sprints for the project. 
I also helped out with the interface development. 


Week 4:

Starting working on the front end portion of the first sprint. Most of the week was learning about javascript, html and css. Wrote a basic profile html page with
css. 

Because of my lack of experience doing back-end work, I wasn't able to contribute as much as I would have liked in this week. I spent most of the time figuring out
the what the different languages and APIs are used for and the interactions with front end and back end.

Week 5:

Began coding front end for editing user information and creating collections pages. Got both of these pages done. However it took longer than expected because of
errors cause by jwt plugin not being the updated to the latest version. Errors were also caused by the axios http client. Since it was the first time I or Yu had
used axios we weren't familiar with the syntaxing, which caused bugs in our code that were difficult to diagnose.

I also conducted the week 5 demo.

Week 6:

Began work on a pages for viewing collections and adding books to a collection. To make these we had to make dynamic html pages through javascript. 

Week 7: 

Began on front end for removing books from collections, adding reviews for books and search book function. None of these were difficult to do except to create a
drop down menu for selecting a category in the search function. For the category seleciton in search, it had to be a drop down menu, as having the user input the
category manually could lead to incorrectly typed categories and errors. This means that the user must need to select a categoryfrom a list provided to them. 
Additionally because there are over 20 categories in the system, the categories needed to be in a scrollable format and not in the form of traditional radio buttons.  

A searchable drop down menu was then used to fix these problems. However this required complex html and javacript functions to work. This took a siginificant time
to make work. 

I also spent time writing the week 7 retrospective.

week 8: 

This week was spent fixing existing bugs in the search function and also spent creating the search function when users want to 
add books to collection, so they can search for books they want to add instead of being given a list of all the books in the system. 

I also conducted the demo for week 8.

Week 9:

The major project I completed this week was doing the recommendation mode for the front end. This meant creating javascript functions, html pages and styling to the
pages. Minor issues were had with there being two form submissions in the html page, which caused the wrong submit function to be triggered for each form. CSS
styling was also done for existing pages such as collections, collection and search pages. Changes were also made the book descriptions from search and
recommendation results with book covers also added.
Delete collection function and logout was also added to the front end.

For this week I also wrote the retrospective report.

Week 10:
This week was spent implementing all of the social front end. This included creating the social home page, other users page, having followers and creating events.
This took a lot of work as many javascript functions were required, html pages needed to be created and the css styling needed to be done for all the pages.

I also created the front end user manual in the report, wrote the specification and add functionality descriptions and wrote parts of the overview. 
Time was also spent organising the team to get ready for the presentation, and preparing the functionalities I allocated for the presentation.
